And getting baptized was the most important decision I ever made.
But it took some time to realize that was just a start of my Christian life.
Sometimes it was hard to show courage.
Why don't you people get involved and make a real difference for once?
And it was hard for my son too.
No thanks, I'm a Jehovah's Witness and I don't celebrate this.
What?
What are you doing?
I really liked Lucas.
And he was very sick.
I really wanted to sign his birthday card.
But dad helped me to see how Jehovah felt about it.
And that helped me to be brave.
My student signed the card, but I'm going to do something else really good.
My parents had always said a good example for me.
But after I moved to serve where the need was greater,
it seemed like my parents were growing apart.
Are you both doing okay?
Because you don't look okay.
Of course we are okay.
We're doing wonderful, right?
Yeah, we're doing good.
I was really worried.
Later they told me what helped them.
Was there love for Jehovah?
They meditated on the example of Abraham and Sarah,
who showed honor to each other by listening and by caring.
That example really helped my parents.
And since then, I've seen how it can help in any relationship.
I'm a long way from home, but showing love to others,
it helps me to stay happy in my assignment.
Now, Dr. Told us that our baby would likely be born with severe problems
and could even die.
It was more than I could bear.
And because my husband was not one of Jehovah's Witnesses,
I needed God's help more than ever to calm my heart
and help me explain why I could never have an abortion.
And even though it took me years before I would agree to a Bible study,
and even more years before I made enough changes to qualify for baptism,
the life we have now, seven Jehovah together,
nothing could make me happy.
Nothing could make us happy.
Happiness really does come from serving Jehovah,
but serving him faithfully definitely takes courage.
It was so hard for me to turn down that girl at school
and I felt so guilty for how involved I had gotten with her.
My uncle used the Bible to help me get back on track
and to remind me of two other very important things
that Jehovah was proud of me and that I was not alone.
James 1, 2 and 3 says,
consider it all joy my brothers when you meet with various trials,
knowing as you do that this tested quality of your faith produces endurance.
I think about that scripture a lot,
because soon I'll probably be sent to prison for refusing military service.
Being courageous with that classmate helped me build the faith and courage that I need now.
I can give up anything for Jehovah.
I might live in a small cell for now,
but in paradise I'm going to travel everywhere.
Sometimes I get lonely, but that's okay.
It's a choice that I've made to stay in my assignment right now.
In the future, if I choose to get married,
I hope to have a marriage like my parents.
I really hope that Lucas is resurrected so I can show him around paradise
and teach him more about Jehovah.
I showed him pictures,
but the real thing will be so much better.
Then I can hold my baby girl again.